Add documentation for the Flutter Property Editor (#12014)
flutter/website: src/content/tools/property-editor.md

widget properties directly from a visual interface.

It allows you to quickly discover and modify your widgets' existing and
available constructor arguments, eliminating the need to jump-to-definition or
manually edit the source code. Furthermore, its integration with the Flutter
inspector and hot reload enables you to view changes in real time, speeding up
UI development and iteration.

![Flutter Property Editor](/assets/images/docs/tools/devtools/property-editor-text-widget.png){:width="500px"}

## How to access the Flutter Property Editor

1.  Open the Flutter Property Editor in your supported IDE ([VS Code][],
    [Android Studio/IntelliJ][]).

2.  Locate a [widget constructor invocation][] in your Flutter code.

3.  Move your cursor anywhere inside the widget constructor invocation. 

    For example, in the following `build` method, place your cursor anywhere
    between the `T` of `Text` and the ending parenthesis `)` after
    `TextOverflow.clip`:

    ```dart
    @override
    Widget build(BuildContext context) {
        return Text(
            'Hello World!',
            overflow: TextOverflow.clip,
        );
    }
    ```

> 4.  The Flutter Property Editor panel will automatically update to display the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4.  The Flutter Property Editor panel automatically updates to display the
```

[Dart style guide]: https://dart.dev/effective-dart/documentation

### Editing widget properties

The Flutter Property Editor contains input fields tailored to the type of each
constructor argument.

- **string, double, and int properties:**
    * These are represented by text input fields.
    * Simply type the new value into the field.
    * Press Tab or Enter to apply the edit directly to your source code.

- **boolean and enum properties:**
    * These are represented by dropdown menus.
    * Click the dropdown to see the available options (`true`/`false` for
      booleans, or the various enum values).
    * Select the desired value from the list to apply it to your code.

- **object properties (for example, `TextStyle`, `EdgeInsets`, `Color`):**
    * Currently not supported. The Flutter Property Editor does not yet allow
      direct editing of complex object properties. You will need to edit these
      directly in your source code.

### Understanding the property inputs

Each property input in the Flutter Property Editor is accompanied by information
to help you understand its usage.

- **Type and name:** The **type** (for example, `StackFit`) and the **name**

>   (for example, `fit`) of the constructor parameter  are displayed as a label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  (for example, `fit`) of the constructor parameter are displayed as a label
```

    remove this argument from your code to make it more concise, as the widget
    will use the default value anyway.
    :::

    !["Set" and "default" labels for a property input](/assets/images/docs/tools/devtools/property-editor-labels.png){:width="500px"}

### Filtering properties

For widgets with many properties, the filter bar can help to quickly locate the
ones you are interested in.

* **Filter by text:**
    * Simply type into the filter bar. The list of properties will dynamically
      update to show only those that match your input.
    * You can filter by a property's name, its current value, or its type. For
      example:
        * Typing "main" would filter to `mainAxisAlignment`, `mainAxisSize`, or
          other properties with "main" in their name.
        * Typing "true" would filter to all boolean properties currently set to
          `true`.
        * Typing "double" would filter to all properties of type `double`.

    ![Filter input with filtering by text highlighted](/assets/images/docs/tools/devtools/property-editor-filter-text.png){:width="500px"}   

* **Filter by "set" properties:**

>     * Use the filter menu button to open  the filter options. Check "Only

Author: Oops that's because I normally use `-` but noticed all the other docs was using `*` so I switched but clearly missed a few 🤦‍♀️

      include properties that are set in the code."

>     * This will hide all properties that have not been explicitly set in your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * This hides all properties that have not been explicitly set in your
```

      code, allowing you to focus only on the properties you have explictly set.

    ![Filter input with filter menu button highlighted](/assets/images/docs/tools/devtools/property-editor-filter-menu-button.png){:width="500px"}   

* **Filter with a regex:**
    * The regex toggle (an `*` icon button) allows you to toggle on regex mode
      for the filter input.
    * When enabled, your filter text will be interpreted as a regular
      expression.

    ![Filter input with regex toggle highlighted](/assets/images/docs/tools/devtools/property-editor-filter-regex-toggle.png){:width="500px"} 

* **Clear the current filter:**

>     * The clear button (an `X` icon button) will clear out any active filters,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * The clear button (an `X` icon button) clears out any active filters,
```
